the curtain is raised on the world's
most extreme why should we got a request
for DJ Victoria we're gonna request for
DJ saw pick'em know how this is gonna go
against Mikoto though he stays deserted
town the stage a battle is set all right
here we go
are you ready fight now there's the
first hit what's next this is it I'm
addressed for this I'm like wait a
minute are moments like me all my dress
it's purely freaky that boom he right
there random ultra a little buzz anyway
oh haha and the continued a majestic
straight good pictures been recorded and
I don't know
um duh that's the old truck yeah I don't
know what to do what she which is
jumping attack sir into the air attack
beat me every time did I do things
without in the game home but color wins
well that was waste of time